docs: comparision between community and subscription repositories (#1333)
bareos/bareos: docs/manuals/source/IntroductionAndTutorial/WhatIsBareos.rst

-  On a Backup Administration system you need to install at least **bareos-bconsole** to have an interactive console to the |dir|.

Comparison between Community and Subscription Repositories
----------------------------------------------------------

The Bareos project is fully committed to Open-Source.

There are different types of Bareos binaries:

#. Bareos Community binaries on https://download.bareos.org/:

   * Publically accessable
   * Latest build of the most recent Bareos stable branch at https://download.bareos.org/current/

      * Only the latest build is available.

>       * Packages may be marked as prereleases (``<next-version-number>~pre``). However, packages are only published when they succeeded an automated testing process.

Reviewer: aren't that the master `next` definition?

Author: This is also true for current. But thanks for the hint. I'll add a similar sentence to _next_.

      * When a new Bareos major version gets released, the version in this repository will also change to the new version.

   * Latest build of the Bareos master branch at https://download.bareos.org/next/

      * Only the latest build is available.

#. Bareos Subscription binaries on https://download.bareos.com/

   * Contain the repositories for the Bareos Subscription customers.
   * The last three major releases are maintained and available in the corresponding subdirectory under https://download.bareos.com/bareos/release/
   * Older versions stay available.
   * While the repository can be browsed, using them do require authentication credentials, which come with a Bareos subscription.

> The software in both types of repositories is based on the same source code in https://github.com/bareos/bareos/. There are no hidden or Open-Core components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The software in both types of repositories is based on the same source code freely available in https://github.com/bareos/bareos/. There are no hidden nor Open-Core components.
```

For a simple comparison of the two editions, please see the following table:

+-----------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|          	        |  Community Edition                                                           |    Bareos Subscription                                                         |
+=======================+==============================================================================+================================================================================+
|  **Packages**                                                                                                                                                                         |
+-----------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | Last major releases   | (Source code only)                                                           | `Subscription repository <https://download.bareos.com/bareos/release/>`_       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Previous major releases   | (Source code only)                                                           | `Subscription repository <https://download.bareos.com/bareos/release/>`_       |
```
Maybe using Previous disambigue what "last" can cover, because last can include current.

-  On a Backup Administration system you need to install at least **bareos-bconsole** to have an interactive console to the |dir|.

.. _section-BareosBinaryReleasePolicy:

.. _section-BareosRepositoryTypes:

Bareos Binary Release Policy
----------------------------

> The Bareos project is fully committed to Open-Source.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Bareos project is fully committed to open source.
```

Author: Replaced by open-source (as found in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Open_source)

There are different types of Bareos binaries:

#. Bareos Community binaries on https://download.bareos.org/:

>    * Publically accessable

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Publicly accessible
```

>    * Latest build of the most recent Bareos stable branch at https://download.bareos.org/current/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Latest build of the current Bareos stable branch at https://download.bareos.org/current/
```

      * Only the latest build is available.

>       * Packages may be marked as prereleases (``<next-version-number>~pre``). However, packages are only published when they succeeded an automated testing process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      * Packages may be marked as pre-releases (``<next-version-number>~pre``) and are published after passing an automated testing process.
```

      * When a new Bareos major version gets released, the version in this repository will also change to the new version.

   * Latest build of the Bareos master branch at https://download.bareos.org/next/

      * Only the latest build is available.

>       * Packages are marked as prereleases (``<next-major-version-number>.0.0~pre``). However, packages are only published when they succeeded an automated testing process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      * Packages are marked as pre-releases (``<next-major-version-number>.0.0~pre``) and are only published after passing an automated testing process.
```

      * When a new Bareos major version gets released, the version in this repository will also change to the new version.

#. Bareos Subscription binaries on https://download.bareos.com/

>    * Contain the repositories for the Bareos Subscription customers.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * Available in the Bareos Subscription customers repositories.
```

>    * The last three major releases are maintained and available in the corresponding subdirectory under https://download.bareos.com/bareos/release/
>    * Older versions stay available.
>    * While the repository can be browsed, using them do require authentication credentials, which come with a Bareos subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   * The last three major releases are maintained in https://download.bareos.com/bareos/release/
   * The repostories contain the whole binary history of each release, so that downgrades are possible if required.
   * Repositories of discontinued versions stay available.
   * While the repository can be browsed, accessing the binaries requires a Bareos Subscription.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe it makes sense to put the info where to buy the subscription here?

> The software in both types of repositories is based on the same source code freely available in https://github.com/bareos/bareos/. There are no hidden nor Open-Core components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The software in both types of repositories is based on the same source code freely available in https://github.com/bareos/bareos/. There are no hidden nor open core components.
```

|  **Community**                                                                                                                                                                          |
+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Mailing list	          | `bareos-users <https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/bareos-users>`_                                                                                        |
+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|  **Support**                                                                                                                                                                            |
+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | without service level   |                                                                              | `available <https://www.bareos.com/support/>`_                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| without service level   |                                                                              | `available at www.bareos.com/support/ <https://www.bareos.com/support/>`_                                 |
```

Author: updated.

+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> | with service level      |                                                                              | `available <https://www.bareos.com/support/>`_                                 |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| with service level      |                                                                              | `available at www.bareos.com/support/ <https://www.bareos.com/support/>`_                                 |
```

Reviewer 2: We should sync with sales about the wording here

Author: updated

| Source code	          | `GitHub <https://github.com/bareos/bareos/>`_                                                                                                                 |
+-------------------------+---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| Bug tracker             | https://bugs.bareos.org/                                                                                                                                      |
+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| New features            | `Join in <https://www.bareos.com/community/join-in/>`_                       | `Co-Funding         <https://www.bareos.com/download/pricing/#co-funding>`_    |
+-------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

> These binary release policy is in place since Bareos >= 22.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This binary release policy is in place since Bareos >= 22.
```
